README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## Pet tracking application for a shelter in a disaster location

### Phase 0
> - *What will the application do?*
> 
> This application is designed to track pets that are brought to the shelter
> in a disaster location. It allows user to enter information about pets;
> possible features include species, sex, color of pets; listing all pets
> confirmed to be available for adoption; showing a roster of pet pictures or icons.

> - *Who will use it?*
> 
> This application is designed for people who brought the pet to the shelter,
> as well as people who want to adopt a pet from the shelter.

> - *Why is this project of interest to you?*
> 
> This project interests me because I really like animals and pets. Another reason is that
> I think this project is very meaningful because it could help stray animals to find a 
> new home.

## User Stories
> - As a user, I want to be able to add a pet to my shelter
> - As a user, I want to be able to view the list of pets in my shelter
> - As a user, I want to be able to mark a pet as available for adoption
> - As a user, I want to be able to remove a pet from my shelter
> - As a user, I want to be able to see the number of pets in my shelter 
> and the number of pets that have been adopted

Commit message:

revised README.md file.(Data Persistence)

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

## Pet tracking application for a shelter in a disaster location

### Phase 0
> - *What will the application do?*
> 
> This application is designed to track pets that are brought to the shelter
> in a disaster location. It allows user to enter information about pets;
> possible features include species, sex, color of pets; listing all pets
> confirmed to be available for adoption; showing a roster of pet pictures or icons.

> - *Who will use it?*
> 
> This application is designed for people who brought the pet to the shelter,
> as well as people who want to adopt a pet from the shelter.

> - *Why is this project of interest to you?*
> 
> This project interests me because I really like animals and pets. Another reason is that
> I think this project is very meaningful because it could help stray animals to find a 
> new home.

## User Stories
> - As a user, I want to be able to add a pet to my shelter.
> - As a user, I want to be able to view the list of pets in my shelter.
> - As a user, I want to be able to mark a pet as available for adoption.
> - As a user, I want to be able to remove a pet from my shelter.
> - As a user, I want to be able to see the number of pets in my shelter 
> and the number of pets that have been adopted.
> - As a user, when I select the quit option from the application menu,
> I want to be reminded to save my shelter list to file and have the *option*
> to do so or not.
> - As a user, when I start the application, I want to be given the *option*
> to load my shelter list from file.
